I'll come to Boss Chen
You can't beat him
Why don't you go down and let me come, I have a way
What nonsense?
You shut up
Our boss is ranked 23rd among Jinling martial arts masters.
How could he not defeat this little girl?
Where the hell are you from?
Boss Chen, I don't mean anything else.
I just want you to win
shut up
Does he need your help?
Now you surrender
You can avoid the pain of flesh and blood
This uncle
You have lost
Hahahaha
How is that possible?
Boss, what's the matter with you?
You are an ancient poem
Ancestral trees have their own blood and bones
Invincible among peers
Chen is convinced
Nice job.
Xiao Han, don't let me down
So big.
Are you all right?
Thank you for the many identities of the benefactor
I'm a little older than you. Hmm.
You can call me brother from now on, brother.